README.md, before:

# Wasapi bindings for Rust

The aim of this crate is to provide easy and safe access to the Wasapi API for audio playback and capture. 

The presented API is all safe Rust, but structs and functions closely follow the original Windows API. 

For details on how to use Wasapi, please see [the Windows documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/coreaudio/core-audio-interfaces).

Bindings are generated automatically using the [windows](https://crates.io/crates/windows) crate.

## Supported functionality

These things have been implemented so far:

- Audio playback and capture
- Shared and exclusive modes
- Loopback capture
- Notifications for volume change, device disconnect etc

## Included examples

| Example    | Description                                                    |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------|
| `playsine` | Plays a sine wave in shared mode on the default output device. |
| `playsine_events` | Similar to `playsine` but also listens to notifications. |
| `loopback` | Shows how to simultaneously capture and render sound, with separate threads for capture and render. |
| `record` | Records audio from the default device, and saves the raw samples to a file. |

Commit message:

Update to windows-rs 0.39, add exclusive mode example

README.md, after:

# Wasapi bindings for Rust

The aim of this crate is to provide easy and safe access to the Wasapi API for audio playback and capture. 

The presented API is all safe Rust, but structs and functions closely follow the original Windows API. 

For details on how to use Wasapi, please see [the Windows documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/coreaudio/core-audio-interfaces).

Bindings are generated automatically using the [windows](https://crates.io/crates/windows) crate.

## Supported functionality

These things have been implemented so far:

- Audio playback and capture
- Shared and exclusive modes
- Loopback capture
- Notifications for volume change, device disconnect etc

## Included examples

| Example               | Description                                                                                         |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `playsine`            | Plays a sine wave in shared mode on the default output device.                                      |
| `playsine_events`     | Similar to `playsine` but also listens to notifications.                                            |
| `playnoise_exclusive` | Plays white noise in exclusive mode on the default output device.                                   |
| `loopback`            | Shows how to simultaneously capture and render sound, with separate threads for capture and render. |
| `record`              | Records audio from the default device, and saves the raw samples to a file.                         |
